George Juggins.
A man into a woman.
And then we had a fascinating situation one time.
A publisher back east came out here to meet some of his authors, and one turned out to be a transvestite.
And he spent an evening in the home, and he told me he found it so fascinating.
He said, well, you like aliens and all that.
Would you like to?
So wife and I said, well, you know, why not?
So the transvestite was to come see us on a Wednesday evening.
And on Monday, I was out somewhere socializing, and we all had little name badges, and this man about as near to me as you are, he kind of looked at mine, and he began laughing, and I said, do we know each other or something?
And he says, I'm Alice.
Well, this was the transvestite that we were going to see on Wednesday.
He was a man in charge of 200 people in the business world.
Well, as a man, I found him as dull as dishwater.
I thought, oh, God, what a wasted evening this is going to be.
but when he came as a woman, he was fascinating.
What my wife and I found even more fascinating was his wife, that he had a perfectly female woman, and she explained to us, she said, well, when we met in England and fell in love, I had no idea about this hankering of his to be a woman, and we were going to be married, and I met his mother, and she said, well, my dear, before you go too far with this, I think you should meet my son's sister.
She hadn't heard anything about a sister.
So she goes to the door one night to meet this sister, and here stands, obviously, the man she's in love with, but in a dress and lipstick and everything.
What's this, you know?
Well, at first she was totally repulsed, you know, get out of my life, I never want to see you.
But after about three days' rumination, she thought, well, gee, you know, I really love that guy.
If that's what it takes to make him happy, I'll make a better woman out of him.
So she taught him how to cross his legs and perfume and the whole schmear.
And here he came, sitting over there, and at one point he dropped his purse, and I was kind of halfway out of my chair to retrieve it.
You know, should I or shouldn't I?
Oh, sure, you know, I was hoping that you would forget or something.
As a woman, he was a fascinating conversationalist.
Must have been very happy now.
Isn't it?
Do you think a lot of the books or magazines or newspapers, you said there are 300,000 items altogether, 50,000 books?
125,000 stills, and there are magazines.
The magazines, I've never counted.
It's easier to say I'm missing three.
Well, I bet you have there in the thousands, certainly.
Mm-hmm.
Do you think that if you weren't collecting them, that they would go to the dump, so to speak?
Do you think that you're preserving things that otherwise would be lost?
Well, no, nothing would.
There are other great collectors.
There's one chap who may have about as many books as I do, or somebody as many as magazines.
or somebody may have as good or even better art collection, but nobody, you know, is all-inclusive, like I am, I say, even collecting the vanity books that you can't give away, nor be the greatest heyday for other collectors, if they could only get their hands on what I have, it would increase other collections.
Unfortunately, these other collectors don't seem to have the same vision that I do, they don't seem to much care what happens to their
collection after they've gone.
I say, the wife will sell it.
You know, but they will only increase.
There's certainly a number of collections in the world I think will just go on growing, even if they're all broken up and sold.
Certain universities will probably bid and get portions of them.
And if I get this two million bucks while I'm still around, I'll probably buy parts of other collections.
Because when I empty out all of the movie material, that's going to leave kind of a void in the house.
Nature, I have horror vacuum, I have to fill it up.
That's great.
I think, Connie, do you have anything you'd like to ask?
I just think his vision is wonderful.
I hope one day when I'm in Germany, I'll be able to see your things on display and remember having met you and enjoyed this so much.
It's been a nice time.
Thanks for taking the time.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry we got you on a busy day.
It looks like you had a whole morning.
Ain't no such thing as a non-busy day.
I'd just like to take a few more shots in the world.
All you like, all you like.
It's funny when I listen to myself talk, you know, I know how to talk grammatically, but it's kind of a relief to me to say, ain't no such thing or something like that.
When I'm writing all the time, it's perfectly grammatical and correct and so on, but my assistant and I kind of laugh about it now and then, how you think we were...
couple of nincompoops or something that didn't know the English language, the way we slang around here.
Do you have any film scripts and stuff?
Do you collect manuscript material?
I have about 500 film scripts.
I have original manuscripts by Ray Bradbury and A. E. Van Vogt and all kind of important personalities, yes.
So are these things you purchase or that you're given?
Most, maybe movie scripts I've purchased, but the manuscripts, being an agent for 40 years, many of them I've represented, A.E.
Van Vogt for 40 years, so I have all of his important manuscripts, and I started out Ray Bradbury in 1938, so he's given me a lot of his scripts as
Musing little story when Ray was a teenager and wanted to take a girl out for a date because they'd done a dollar.
Twenty-one cents for a first-run movie and nickel for a streetcar ride and five cents for popcorn.
So I was always good a book for a book.
He would bring me a book.
I'd give him a dollar and he'd have his date.
One night in 1933, apparently he had a real heavy date coming up because he wanted two dollars.
So he brought me a copy of the book King Kong, theoretically written by the great mystery author of the day in England named Edgar Wallace.
He said, look, it's been signed by Edgar Wallace.
That ought to be worth an extra dollar.
Well, I was young and naive, and I didn't stop to question how did this kid in high school get the autograph of a man 6,000 miles away in London?
I gave him his extra dollar.
Twenty-five years later, when I was living in a smaller home, just 13 rooms, I'd accumulated so many friends that when I had a
A birthday, we could only pack about 65 people into the house at once, so I had to have five birthdays, Friday night, Saturday matinee, Saturday night, Sunday matinee, and Sunday night.
Well, Ray Bradbury came Sunday night, and he attracts fans around him like iron filings to a magnet.
Well, his eye lit upon that book that he had sold all those years ago.
And he gingerly picked it up and he said, oh, for you, I have a terrible confession.
I wrote that Edgar Wallace.
I said, you dirty dog, give me back my dollar.
So he gave me back the dollar.
Well, I thought about two or three days, and I figured he probably regretted he ever sold me that.
He would like to have a copy of the book.
It's kind of an expensive collector's item now, but I finally found one through the mail.
So I sent it to him over by red arrow so it would be presented at the door and inside I inscribed it to Ray Bradbury from the real Edgar Wallace.
That's nice.
The night before he was married he stood in front of an incinerator burned to two million words of Bradbury manuscripts that he was dissatisfied with.
He has seen what has happened to H.P.
Lovecraft and Robert E. Howard that well-meaning people have taken every little laundry list and turned it into a novel and he's
very particular about the good opinion of posterity, not interested in any money he might make out of something inferior, and he thought if he died of ecstasy on his wedding night, he didn't want well-meaning friends to take all this stuff and publish it, so he burned it.
He became his own Fahrenheit 451 fireman.
Is that—I've never heard that story.
That's—has that been— I don't know.
Is that known?
No, I wouldn't say it's well known.
And how long ago was this?
Oh, jeez, when did Greg get married?
Let's see.
1939, we went to the First World, sometime in the 40s.
I guess it was early 40s.
So you knew him when he was a kid?
Sure, yeah.
And it was just by the coincidence of being a neighbor or something?
No, we had a science fiction club.
I was at the first meeting of that club in 1935 and over 1500.
meetings of it and an ebullient youth named Ray Bradbury.
It's a wonder he survived because he was so noisy and boisterous and rambunctious we were all ready to strangle him.
But he turned out to be greater than us all.
He started coming around the club and we had a little amateur magazine that was mimeographed and I say I had published his
first story in 1938.
Do you think you'd like to have those two million words back?
Yes.
I have seen him do as many as seven rewrites on a story, and frankly, I preferred some of the earlier versions.
I remember one in particular, starts a man is in bed, he hears some kind of a noise in the house, and he spends three or four pages leisurely getting down to the basement to find out what's going on.
In version number seven, the man hears the noise, pow, he's right down there in the basement.
We eliminate everything that's going on in between.
Race is a kind of writer who feels that he overwrites, and then he has to pair and pair and go on.
And I'm probably a kind of a writer who underwrites.
I get all the idea down, then I go back and add a few adjectives and adverbs and sentences and paragraphs and so on.
But I didn't add anything to the one-letter story.
That was perfect.
Did you in fact copyright that?
Oh, sure.
Copyrighted?
Yeah, yeah.
But I was kidding about copywriting the other letters of the alphabet.
But it has been just going for the ninth time in Taiwan.
It's been published.
That's something.
Did you get royalties on it?
No.
I got 500 bucks the first time around.
That's great.
Having it published five times.
Well, I don't think we should take up any more of this gentleman's time.
I would like to... You had a couple of things that give some...